{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green176\blue80;\red0\green112\blue192;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red0\green77\blue187;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sl360\slmult1\b\f0\fs24 Punch Arena: Moves\par
\ul\b0\fs22 Mechanics \par
\ulnone\i The Color Archetypes\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\i0 Players in Punch Arena can equip various moves and passive abilities. Moves may conform to one or more of the four color archetypes of the Arena. The four color archetypes (two defensive, two offensive) represent four methodologies of achieving victory through combat. Abilities will tend to adhere to these archetypes.\par
\par
The color diamond represents how the four colors interact with each other. Each offensive type is \ldblquote friendly\rdblquote  to both defensive types and an \ldblquote enemy\rdblquote  to its offensive counterpart. Similar logic may be applied to the defensive colors. \par
\par
Moves themed around \ldblquote friendly\rdblquote  colors are more common and display a mix of offensive and defensive capabilities. While nothing is intrinsically wrong with moves made of \ldblquote enemy\rdblquote  colors, they tend to be impractical (e.g., have high mana costs) or underwhelming given the prerequisites. \par
\par
\cf1 GREEN (Defensive)\par
\cf0 A green player is fast. A green player achieves victory by evading her enemies and ultimately bringing them down with a series of light attacks. \par
\par
Green is friendly to blue and yellow. A green player respects blue\rquote s ability to evade attacks and yellow\rquote s ability to close out battles. It opposes red\rquote s a slow and methodic attack style.\par
\par
Green\rquote s basic move is WALK (move a player around the map), and its true passive is SPEED (increased walking distance per turn)\par
\par
\cf2 BLUE (Offensive)\par
\cf0 A blue player is strategic. A blue player achieves victory by striking from a distance or, at close quarters, hitting his enemies\rquote  weak points. \par
\par
Blue is friendly to red and green. A blue player respects green\rquote s ability to maintain a distance and the value of red\rquote s defensive blocks. It opposes yellow\rquote s impulsive attack patterns.\par
\par
Blue\rquote s basic move is GRAB/THROW (grab people or items to wrestle or toss them), and its true passive is TACTICS (increased mana pool).\par
\par
\cf3 RED (Defensive)\cf0\par
A red player is sturdy. A red player achieves victory by trading blows evenly with his opponents and outlasting them. \par
\par
Red is friendly to blue and yellow. A red player respects blue\rquote s ability to weaken enemies and yellow\rquote s ability to overcome them. It opposes green\rquote s hit and run tactics. \par
\par
Red\rquote s basic move is BLOCK (brace against damage from a direction) and its true passive is BULK (increased hit points).\par
\par
\cf4 YELLOW (Offensive)\par
\cf0 A yellow player is aggressive. A yellow player achieves victory by raining devastating blows that bring her opponents to their knees.\par
\par
Yellow is friendly to green and red. A yellow player respects green\rquote s ability to close gaps and red\rquote s ability to trade heavy blows. It opposes blue\rquote s underhanded or distant attacks.\par
\par
Yellow\rquote s basic move is PUNCH (a basic melee attack) and its true passive is BRAWLER (increases damage).\par
\par
COLORLESS \par
Colorless/gray\rquote s abilities really don\rquote t fit in anywhere. If we can avoid it, we don\rquote t make colorless moves.\par
\par
Gray\rquote s basic move is MENU (pauses the game, displays ability to go to the main menu or options or things) and its true passive it EXISTENCE (allows the player to exist and have abilities)\par
\par
\i The move shop\par
\i0 Players gain punch dollars by winning fights (Also they get some by starting the game). Punch dollars can be spent at the move shop to buy new abilities or improve old ones. \par
\par
As previously mentioned, moves often have one or more colors associated with them. Purchasing a colored move will give a color credit (rename?) in the same colors. The color credits gained are roughly proportional to the move's cost in punch dollars. For example, the move "Fist Flurry" costs 400 punch dollars and is a green/yellow move. A player that purchases this move will gain 30 green credits and 10 yellow credits.\par
\par
Color credits cannot be spent, but a player must accumulate them to gain more powerful moves. Most moves have a color credit prerequisite before they can be purchased. For example, the move "Fist Flurry" requires a player to have 20 green credits and 5 yellow credits to be purchased. \par
\par
Each color has its strengths and weaknesses. For a given net worth in punch dollars, extremes exist at the end of the color credit spectrum. One player may be have powerful moves but be overspecialized. A pure green player, for example, can dart in and out of combat but will be fragile and needs mana to do significant damage. Another may be well-rounded with varied but weak moves. For example, such a player may have decent move, HP, and MP. However, they may find their moves do less per turn than a specialized player. (This is all contingent on the color credit requirements being adequately balanced).\par
\par
A player may sell their moves back for punch dollars. This will cause them to gain half the punch dollars spent on the move. They will lose any color credits gained by obtaining the move. If, by selling moves, the player's color credits dip below the required amount for a move, the player will be unable to equip and use that move.\par
\par
\i The armory\par
\i0 Players can equip moves into their slots at the armory. The only move which absolutely cannot be taken off the bar is the WALK move. Players have 7 more slots with which to equip abilities and passives. It's generally recommended that you leave a few other basic moves equipped, lest you find yourself out of mana with nothing to do but run until you die of bloodlust.\par
\par
\ul Proposed moves \par
\ulnone\i Format\i0\par
MOVENAME \cf3 (Red)\cf4 (Yellow)l\cf1 (Green)\cf5 (blue)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab lorem ipsum etcetera\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [C0, C1, C2...]\par
\tab\tab formula for Cn (if infinite)\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 X\cf0\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab X\par
Damage:\tab\cf4 X\cf0\par
adds effects:\tab x (attacker)\par
\tab x (defender)\par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust/does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\i True passives\i0\par
True passives can be scaled infinitely. They also cannot be equipped--they are always applied to a player without taking up an ability's slot. True passives have no Color credit requirements and will give a scaling amount of color credit when bought.\par
\par
SPEED \cf1 (Green)\cf0\par
Description:\tab grants a player increased move each turn (+1 move per level)\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [10, 20, 30, 50, 80, 120, 180, 270, 400]\par
\tab\tab B(n) = B(n-1) + B(n-3) +10 \par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab .\cf1 5B(n)\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par
\tab Damage:\tab\cf4 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
TACTICS \cf5 (Blue)\cf0\par
Description:\tab increases mana (+5 max mana per level)\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [10, 10, 10, 20, 30, 40, 60, 90, 130...]\par
\tab\tab A(n) = A(n-1) + A(n-3)\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\tab\cf2 .5A(n)\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\cf0\i Arena\i0\par
\tab Damage:\tab\cf4 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
BULK \cf3 (Red)\cf0\par
Description:\tab increases HP (+5 max hp per level)\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [10, 10, 10, 20, 30, 40, 60, 90, 130...]\par
\tab\tab A(n) = A(n-1) + A(n-3)\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 .5A(n)\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par
\tab Damage:\tab\cf4 X\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\cf0 BRAWLER  \cf4 (Yellow)\cf0\par
Description:\tab Damage increase for melee moves\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [10, 10, 20, 30, 50, 80, 130, 210, 340 ...]\par
\tab\tab 10 Fib(n)\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X \tab\cf4 5 Fib(n)\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\tab Damage:\tab\cf4 +n (melee)\par
\par
\cf0\i General Abilities\par
\i0\line FEINT \cf1 (Green)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab Passive. The player has Allows players to take extra action per turn. For the passive ability of Feint level n, a player may take n extra moves. \i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C = [50, 200, 450, 800, 1250, 1800]\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 .5C(n)\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0  \par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 .3C(n)\cf0\tab\cf5 X  \cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li2880 Cost :\tab (k\cf5 )\cf0 , where k is the count of the extra move being taken. (ex: the first ability used costs 0 MP, the second costs 1MP, the next 2MP\'85)\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\tab Damage:\tab dependent on move used.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
FIST FLURRY \cf4 (Yellow/l\cf1 Green)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab attacks (using the player\rquote s basic punch attack) several times in rapid succession. Three punches are launched. Any punch bonuses are applied to each attack, and any special effects (e.g., miss, poison\'85) may be applied at each punch independently of the other two.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$): 70\par
5C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 20\cf0\tab\cf1 60\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 10\cf0\tab\cf1 30\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\cf5 5\cf0\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab X\par
Damage:\tab\cf4 P \cf0 (player\rquote s punch damage plus any effects).\par
adds effects:\tab (any effects applied by punch).\par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
MEDITATE \cf5 (Blue)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab The player rests (can change direction if they choose) and regains their mana \i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C = [40, 100, 180, 280, 400] \par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 1/4 C(n)\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 1/2 C(n) - 15\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab M(n) = \cf5 [-4, -10, -18, -28, -40] \cf0 mana per level\par
Bloodlust:\tab does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
HEAL \cf3 (red)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab the player rests (can change direction if they choose) and regains their health.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C(n) = [40, 100, 180, 280, 400]\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 1/4C(n)\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 1/2C(n) -15\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\cf5 [2, 5, 9, 14, 20]\cf0\tab\cf3 [-4, -10, -18, -28, -40]\par
\cf0 Bloodlust:\tab does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
BREAKING BLOW \cf4 (Yellow)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab The user yells menacingly while punching. This results in a devastating blow that ignores blocks and does extra damage. At higher levels deals extra damage to blocking enemies. \i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C(n) = [20, 40, 80]\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 C(n) - 5\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 1/2 C(n)\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 [3, 4, 5]\par
\cf0 Damage:\tab\cf4 Punch damage\cf0  + [4, 6, 8] + [0, 3, 9]*\par
\tab *if punching into enemy block. \par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
ZEN BLOCK \cf3 (red/\cf5 blue)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab The player draws upon their mana to summon performance enhancing drugs. The player blocks in a direction, restoring HP and MP. Since move is a block, it ends turn.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C(n) = [50, 100] \par
\tab\tab formula for Cn (if infinite)\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 C(n) + 25\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 C(n) + 15\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 C(n) - 25\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 C(n) - 30\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 [3, 5] [-6, -10]\cf0\tab\cf3 [-5, -10] \cf0\par
adds effects:\tab Block (to user)\par
Bloodlust:\tab Does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
BODY SLAM \cf3 (red)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab A rather conservative wrestling move. Deals moderate damage based on players current HP.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab 75\par
\tab\tab formula for Cn (if infinite)\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 75\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 55\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 4\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720\li720\cf0 Damage:\tab\cf4 Punch \cf0 + 1/4 of attacker\rquote s current HP \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar LASER EYES \cf5 (blue)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab the user launches a mean look from their eyes that coalesces into an angry blue projectile. Hurts other players a lot, penetrates enemies, and will break breakable tiles. Cannot be evaded. Projectile will not wrap around the map.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C(n) = [20, 40, 80, 160]\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 C(n) - 10\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 .5C(n) - 5\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\cf5 [1, 2, 4, 8]\cf0\par
Damage:\tab [1, 3, 6, 10]\par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust\par
 \par

\pard\nowidctlpar FIGHT NOT FLIGHT \cf1 (Green)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab The user stops running and uses their remaining leg actions (move) to kick their opponent multiple times. Melee range. Will not destroy breakable tiles. \i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab 75 \par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 75\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 55\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 4\cf0\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf1 all move\cf0\par
Damage:\tab 1/2*move expended\par
adds effects:\tab x (attacker)\par
\tab x (defender)\par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust/does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Brass Knuckles\cf3  \cf4 Yellow)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab passive. The player is wielding a bunch of brass tacks! While this makes their punches hurt more, the user also occasionally pokes themselves when they punch.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C(n) = [10, 40, 90]\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 C(n) + 5\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 C(n) - 5\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\cf3 -2*\par
\tab *(50% chance to be damaged on punching)\cf0\par
Damage:\tab\cf4 [+2, +4, +8]\cf0  bonus to punches\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
IMPROVED BLOCK \cf3 (Red)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab Passive. The player learns how to use their arms to block blows. They can block with their left arm, or right arm, maybe even both at the same time! Adds damage reduction to blocks. At higher levels, sides also have a minor block\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [40, 100, 220] \par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 [50, 120, 250]\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 [30, 70, 140]\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 adds effects:\tab whenever user has block effect--\par
\tab\tab lvl 1: -3 damage after block reduction\par
\tab\tab lvl 2: -7 damage after block reduction\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2880\tab lvl 3: -12 damage after block reduction. Attacks from the side will have -25% block reduction and -3 damage after reduction.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Bloodlust:\tab blocking does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
RECKLESS SLAM \cf3 (Red/\cf4 Yellow)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab the user recklessly throws themselves at their opponent. They hit for high damage proportional to their remaining health. User then take damage proportional to their max health. If the enemy can be pushed, they will be pushed in a direction. If not, they will take a small amount of extra damage. Damage will still be taken if blow is evaded.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [100, 300] \par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 [50, 200]\cf0\tab\cf4 [100, 300] \cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 [30, 100]\cf0\tab\cf4 [60, \cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 3\cf0\tab\cf3 (1/4 user\rquote s max HP)\cf1\par
\cf0 Damage:\tab (3/16 of user\rquote s max HP) + Punch + 2*\par
\tab * slam damage occurs if target cannot be propelled by push\par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust/does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Poisonous blow \cf5 (blue)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab the attacker hurls a dagger covered in his own saliva. Will inflict small damage on opponent and apply \ldblquote Ack, Germs!\rdblquote  on opponent, which deals damage at the end of that player\rquote s turn.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab [50, 100]\par
\tab\tab formula for Cn (if infinite)\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab [\cf5 60, 120]\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab [\cf5 40, 80]\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 6\cf0\par
Damage:\tab\cf4 2\cf0\par
adds effects:\tab\ldblquote Ack, Germs!\rdblquote  (defender)\emdash ticks for 4 damage at the end of poisoned player\rquote s turn.\par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust (poison ticks will not reset bloodlust) \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
Red mode/Green mode \cf3 (Red/\cf1 Green)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab Toggleable move\emdash players may switch between \ldblquote red mode\rdblquote  (flat damage reduction, even without blocking) and \ldblquote green mode\rdblquote  (max move increased, no effect on current move until next turn)\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C(n) = [100, 300, 600]\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 .4C(n)\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 .4C(n)\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 .1C(n)\cf0\tab\cf4 X\cf0\tab\cf1 .1C(n)\cf0\tab\cf5 X\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 1\par
\cf0 adds effects:\tab Red Mode: [-3, -7, -12] passive damage block\par
\tab Green Mode: [+1, +2, +3] max move\par
Bloodlust:\tab does not reset bloodlust\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
PILE DRIVER \cf4 (Yellow)\cf5  (blue)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1440\li1440 Description:\tab Deals massive damage to grappled opponents. Leaves opponents confused. Releases grapple.\i\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720 Store\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440 Cost (P-$):\tab C(n) = [200, 400, 600]\par
C- Credit required:\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 .4C(n)\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 .4C(n)\cf0\par
C-Credit gained:\tab\tab\cf3 X\cf0\tab\cf4 .1C(n)\cf0\tab\cf1 X\cf0\tab\cf5 .1C(n)\cf0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\i Arena\i0\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-1350\li2790 Cost :\tab\tab\cf5 7\cf0\tab enemy must be grappled\par
Damage:\tab\cf4 12 + 1/8 enemy max HP\cf0\par
adds effects:\tab removes grapple effects from targets\par
Bloodlust:\tab resets bloodlust\par
\par
\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\par
\par
}
 